That we have a really strong point working.
We have to take care of some details.
It's a very poor security practice to store passwords directly on the database.
When you protect your things, when you put a password on on something, you need to protect that password
from everyone else.
And everyone else also means do it.
People that work in the websites that you visits or in the companies that you register.
So as a user, as a professional, you should not really have access to any other passwords than your
own, your own, your own passwords.
And the way we are storing information today.
It doesn't reflect that.
Okay.
So the next step is for us, for us to take care of this of these things.
I'm going to create a new file in the config folder.
I will call it being config.
Okay.
I will use this file to store all the bin configuration that we are going to use.
First thing is to say it's a configuration class, so I'm going to annotate with this class and then
I will define a bin.
Uh, the friend of mine.
I will call it.
Password encoder.
And the type would be password encoder.
Okay.
And this will return.
The group's password.
This is the main reason why we're using spring security.
It's to be able to use this script password encoder.
It's out of the context.
It's not really needed to build a encoder ourselves.
And even if we do, it's likely that it's not going to be as secure as something that is audited audited
by a lot of people around the world.
So we create this password and call the team and we go back to our service where we say that we have
all the service logic.
And what we do.
Is the what private?
Final.
Password.
Encoder.
I will need to add these constructed perimeter.
I do the validation if the passwords match and after that I was just to password and coder.
Ankles.
And I will encode this password here.
Okay.
The same method I had before.
The only change I am doing is to encode the password.
Before saving, we relaunch my application.
Before I cleaned up the database from the previous tests.
So.
I have my table now.
Okay.
They build these empty.
And if I register my user again with the same test case I had before.
So we'd still feel as if the buzzers don't much.
They don't match.
And if they match.
If I go to my database.
My password is now saved, encoded.
It's not possible to take this ash and find your to take these encoded passwords and find out your original
password.
And that's all.
The passwords are usually secured when stored in databases.
Now close because this as always, we commit.
Before moving to the next step.
Okay.
And that's it.